Getting other people to do what you want
is arguably the most important skill
because if you have that one skill, it
unlocks every other skill that every
other person potentially has. The
problem is other people don't always do
what you want them to do. So, I'm going
to share a five-step framework that I
call the star system that you can use to
influence other people. So, let's paint
the scene. You say, "Hey, Kyle, I need
you to make me that TPS report by
Monday." Monday comes, Kyle doesn't have
the TPS report. What do you do? I'm
gonna make this really simple. Number
one, did you know that I wanted you to
get me that TPS report? And he might be
like, "Oh, I thought we were just
talking." Now, you might hear that and
think, "What a what an arrogant ass,
right?" No, but like, let's be real for
a second. Like, you probably don't
follow up on a lot of stuff that you
tell people to do. And what do you think
people learn? If you don't follow up,
it's like, "Oh, it probably wasn't that
important to him." And if you mention it
two, three, four, five times, they're
like, "Okay, this is something I
actually have to do." The solution for
the that problem is you write it. All
right? And so one of the saying that we
have at internal acquisition.com is if
it isn't written, it never happened. If
you just have a verbal conversation that
exists IRL, just in the air, it doesn't
ever matter because no one has proof of
it, you don't have proof of it, they
don't remember it, you remember it
differently than them. This is why
crystallizing those experiences so
important because then you can point
back to it. That way everyone's on the
same page. Hey, I thought you said you
want me to to send you the KPIs by
Monday. It's like, "No, I said the TPS
report." It's like, "Oh, well, I here's
the KPIs." It's like, "But that's not
what I asked for." But how do we know?
Maybe you did say KPI. Like, how many
times have you said something, thought
you said something different? Happens
all the time. Number one, set the frame
that these are the five reasons. And be
like, "Hey, Kyle, you didn't do it." So,
did you not know that I wanted you to do
it? I didn't know. Then you're like,
"Great, problem solved. I'm going to
write it down next time. Here you go.
I'm going to write down for you right
now. And if you want, I'm going to
memorialize this with an email and send
it to you. That way, we have a timestamp
and everything." But what if he's like,
"Oh, no. I I knew that you wanted me to
do it. It's like, oh, then did you not
know what I wanted you to do? Because he
did send me something. He just sent me
the wrong thing. What's the that versus
the what? Let me explain. Two things
don't always mean the same things. You
want to define what you're asking
someone to do in terms of behavior or
outcomes. So, if I wanted that TPS
report right now, that's a really simple
example. I would probably be like, when
I say like, give me that, I was like,
does that mean it's going to be printed
out? Does that mean I want it printed
out on my desk? Does that mean it's an
email? Does that mean it's going to be
like verbally given to me? Is it mean
it's a presentation? In what format? And
the thing is is like you might hear this
and be like, "Oh, that sounds like such
a pain." But it's like it probably takes
like two or three extra minutes for you
to be like very clear. And then
someone's going to take that two or
three extra minutes and then save
themselves like two or three extra
hours. Clarity is high leverage work. I
would say that if this is something that
makes you uncomfortable, you need to
break that habit for real. And let me
explain why. How do you think AI works?
Why do you think prompt engineering is
such a high lever skill right now?
Because the problem is no one even knows
how to communicate. Got this thing of
ultimate intelligence that can do things
incredibly quickly. Has access to the
world's information. And yet you can't
get AI to do stuff for you. It's not
because AI is
dumb. It's because you know how to talk
to AI. And if you can't talk to AI, you
can't talk to a human. AI honestly has
more context and more like tries to ways
to figure out what you're trying to say
because we communicate like monkeys.
We're communicating with other monkeys.
We got to be as crystal clear as humanly
possible. Now, what's interesting is
that the bigger the organization gets,
the more this banana phone issue becomes
a problem. This little five system, the
star system, I run through it in my head
all the time. Did they not know that I
wanted them to do it? Did they not know
what I wanted them to do, which I
defined in terms of behaviors or
outcomes? I need this thing on my desk
by Monday printed out with that nice
paper. or it's I need you to when
someone says this, say this instead next
time, not be less of a dick or stop
harassing Courtney. It's like, well,
what does harassing Courtney look like?
He obviously isn't trying to harass
Courtney. She might describe his
behavior as harassing. He might describe
his behavior as being cordial. So now
what happens until you actually break
down the behavior that they are both
labeling differently, he's saying, "Hey,
I said good morning to her. She's
saying, "Hey, he's hitting on me." And
you're like, "Well, what the hell? like
what's going on? But until you figure
out, wait, Courtney, when you say he's
hitting on you, what exactly did he do?
And she's like, well, he always like
smiles at me and waves when he comes in.
It's
like, I don't think he's hitting on you,
Courtney. I think he's being polite. On
the flip side, it's like, what do you
think hit, you know, hitting on you is?
It's like, he always squeezes my ass
when he walks by. It's like, well,
that's aing problem. Let's be clear
here, Mike. You shouldn't squeeze
anybody's ass, let alone a girl. If we
say he's hitting on me or be less
creepy, no one wakes up and says I want
to be creepy today. Creepy people act in
ways that they don't think is creepy.
And so by telling them to stop be
creepy, they don't know what the that
means. This might be one of the best
explanations I've given of this. This is
the problem. And this is why so many
people behave in ways that they don't
want to. Not because they don't want to
do a good job, but because they don't
know what doing a good job looks like
because it hasn't been taught to them.
You just got to tell them. Number one,
they didn't know that they wanted to do
it. If they did know that you're like,
"Hey, you know, be nice to Courtney." He
grabbed Courtney's ass rather than
saying hello. He didn't know what to do.
If he did know those two things, well,
what's the third thing that could be the
issue? They knew that I wanted the GPS
report and they knew exactly what it
was. Well, then why didn't it happen?
Well, did they know how to do it? I told
you to do that, but honestly, you asked
me to, but I don't know how to put a TPS
report together. And I'm like, wait, you
didn't get that in onboarding? Honestly,
no. Oh, okay. The solution to this is
training. By the way, if you're like,
man, and I like this drives me
absolutely insane. I will hear people
say, "These things aren't trainable."
Everything is trainable. How do you
think a baby learns how to do anything?
How do you think humans learn things to
begin with? It's just that some things
take longer to train than others. And
it's not even that a specific thing
takes longer to train. It's just that
that term has more skills underneath of
it that ladder up to the larger thing.
Meaning, if I say be kind, be kind has
like 500 behaviors underneath of it.
Yeah. It's harder to train aptitude than
attitude because attitude is 500
behaviors. Aptitude might be 20. Yes, it
is easier to train this than that, but
it's not that something isn't trainable.
And this is why specificity is so
important. If you don't know how to do
it, what part do you not know how to do?
Do you not know how to turn on a
computer? Do you not know how to turn on
the internet? Do you not know how to
send an email? Do you know how to use
Excel? No, I know how to use all that
stuff. Okay. Boom. Underneath that, do
you not know where the data is that you
need to extract this from? Do I know
where the data is? Okay, got it. Then
once you have the data, do you not know
how to format it? Yeah, I don't know how
to format it. Got it. So now instead of
being like, "Oh, this guy's an idiot."
It's just like he knew how to do eight
of the nine steps. He just couldn't do
the last step. So now I can say, "Cool.
Let me show you how to format it." Done.
And from here on out, when I ask you for
a TPS report, that's what I'm looking
for. Make sense?
Yes. Now, let me give you a little pro
tip. The higher the general skill and
competence of the individual, the
greater the expertise of the person in
the domain, the more vague you can be
with your directions. If someone comes
to me and says, "Hey, I've got this
product, this new marker, and it writes
upside down and uh it's invisible ink.
It's amazing. Alex, can you build a
business around this?" I could just say
yes because I have all the other skills
it takes to build a business. Now, if
you go to somebody who might be lesser
skilled, you might have to say like,
"Hey, can you make a marketing campaign
around this?" Now, that person probably
might not be able to like set up the
entity structure in a tax efficient
manner or be able to source the
materials or be able to set up HR
practices and all this other stuff, but
like they could do the marketing
campaign and you might be able to go to
a good marketer and say, "Hey, can you
run a good marketing page?" They say,
"Sure." Now, if you go to a junior
marketer, you'd be like, "Hey, can you
run a marketing camp?" They'd be like,
"Uh," it's like, "Okay, can you can you
write some emails about this?" Right? We
just keep chunking it down. The more
skilled the person, the vagger the
instructions can be. The less skilled
the person, the more specific it has to
be. For anything around trading, I talk
about this at length, but basically
document, demonstrate, duplicate, which
means that I write it down. I do it in
front of you, you do it in front of me,
and then that's how it works. So, we
create the list is me doing it. I
observe myself or someone observes me
doing it, puts the list down, I then do
that list in front of the person, they
do that list in front of me, and then we
have a great day. With the TPS report, I
say, "Hey, here are the steps for
formatting. I'm going to write them down
and then I'm going to do those steps in
front of them and then I'm say, "Hey,
let's do a second TPS report for next
week. We can do it together." They do it
in front of me following the exact same
steps I wrote down. They did it. Skill
is transferred. And now, next time I ask
for the TPS report, it'll be on time. If
you want more about this trading stuff,
inside of my leads book, I have a
chapter on employees because you got to
get them to do stuff for you. And inside
I have my very very sexy besides how to
attract employees methodology for on
page 207 which I say how to get
employees to get you leads but it's
really how to get employees to do
anything. So in step one document you
make a checklist. Step two you
demonstrate. You do it in front of them.
Step three they duplicate. They do it in
front of you. So I have this in more
details on page 207 and 208 in the leads
book. Enjoy that slight recap. First we
figure out if they knew even that we
wanted them to do it. Second we made
sure that they knew what we wanted them
to do. And the third it's like okay if
they know those two then do they even
know how to do it? Now if they do then
did they know and this is a big one
which happens all the time is did they
know when I wanted it done
by? And this sounds so silly but the
reality is that the solution for this is
deadlines. But it's not just deadlines.
I'm going to give you a little 2011
version of this. If I say hey Kyle when
can you get me the TPS reports by? He
might say Monday. Now, a boss or leader
or whatever who doesn't pay as much
attention might just say, "Sure, that
sounds good." I like to push on this and
I say, "Cool. How long do you think it
will take you in order to get the TPS
report done?" The actual work itself,
not from now until you can deliver it,
but how long will the work take? And
usually someone will say something like,
I don't know, probably like 2 hours.
I'll be like, "Okay, well, it's
Wednesday and it's 2:00. What are you
doing between now and 4:00?" Now, if
they have something that's more
important, then they can be like, "Well,
I was have to finish this thing by
tomorrow, and then I've got this other
thing that I'm going to do, and then
that should take a full day, and then
after that, I've got this thing, and
then after that, I was planning on
working on it over the weekend, so I
could get it to you by Monday." That I'd
be like, "Okay, that makes sense." Now,
if I look at all those other things, I
might find out a couple things. Number
one is maybe they don't have all these
other things, in which case, do this
now. And maybe they do have all these
other things, but this thing is more
important, in which case, do it now. By
consistently asking when they can do it,
how long it will take, and then what
else they have going on allows you to
have a way better idea of everyone
else's workload in real time whenever
you're asking people. And also, it just
makes you way better boss in my opinion.
Because if people are like, "Oh, I've
got these." You're like, "Oh, no. Finish
that. That's more important. Do that
first. After this, we'll do my thing."
This is kind of, I would say, a
pervasive mindset that I have, but
basically end of day is better than end
of week. I want end of day to be my
default. I want everyone's default in my
life to be end of day. Think about how
impactful this is. If you just assume
whenever you ask for anything that it
should be done by end of day, your
organization will move at 7 times the
speed. Some organizations like their
default is end of month, end of week. An
end of month organization will literally
work at 130th the pace of an end of day
organization. And you might think, oh my
god, that's crazy. But do you think that
some companies grow 30 times faster than
others? Hell yeah, there are. And this
is why the rich get richer and the poor
get poor and there's the great divide
between the doers and everyone else is
because you really can outwork someone a
thousand times. You really can. I can
put out a thousand times more content
than you. I really can. I can do that.
We can work a thousand times faster than
you. If it takes you 90 days to get
something done and we get it done in two
hours, we worked a thousand times faster
than you. It's crazy. then it shouldn't
be as big of a surprise that some people
outear other people by a thousand times.
I'm saying this because I'm trying to
transfer this to you so that you can go
get rich and do whatever you want
because I'm gonna die and no one's going
to go anyways long term. You might as
well do something useful. And what's
interesting about the star system is
that it actually creates stars because
if you tell somebody because you wrote
it down, they know that they should do
it. They understand the what that must
be done accurately. they understand how
to do the thing because you've done it
with them before. They know how to do it
your way and you've taught them. You've
broken it down and then they'll be able
to do it faster because they have
absolute clarity on this point. And this
is what starts to really move an
organization. And so the other pro tip
is that Jeff Bezos has an amazing
one-pager that I tweeted about not that
long ago and it was almost like the
theme of the month for me, but he
basically takes an excerpt from Richard
Dawkins talking about biology that
basically biology fights against its
environment to stand out on a long
enough time horizon. Once something
dies, it basically merges with its
environment. Like it becomes inseparable
on a long enough time horizon. Like you
just become dirt like literally you
become the same thing. And the thing is
is that it takes energy, a tremendous
amount of energy to stand out, to be
different. The world will try to pull
you down. It will pull you into
mediocrity. And the same thing happens
within companies. Like the trend line is
is regression towards the mean. That
exists for a reason. You have to
basically be willing to be so potent as
a person that a drop of you into an
ocean of clear water turns the entire
clear water the same color as you. And
fundamentally, that is what
disseminating culture is from a
leadership perspective. Like that is how
great organizations are built. You have
to hold the line. That means that this
always happens. That means that like
every time I'm on a meeting, if we're
driving something, the key word is that
we're driving it. Like I was actually
talking to one of my leaders in the
company earlier today and last week
about this and I was like I want you to
replace the word leader and I want you
to switch it with driver in your mind. I
was like because that's what I need. I
need people who drive. You're not like
you're a slave driver. The point is that
you're you're driving things to get
done. It's like hey where is that? How
can we do it faster? What else can I
pull off your plate? Right? Which I'm
already I'm already giving you a little
bit of of pre pre-framing for the fifth
and maybe the most important part of the
star, which is if someone knows that
they need to do it, they know what
they're supposed to do. They know how to
do it. They know when it's Dubai, what's
the last thing that could stop them? And
I'm going to take motivation out of this
and I'll tell you why. But the last
thing that could stop
them is
circumstances. Now, what does that mean?
It means something else. So if I asked
you to do all that stuff, but you're
like, "But dude, you asked me to do 10
other things." So something else got in
the way, an obstacle, something is
blocking them. Speaking of
obstacles, wouldn't it be amazing to
know what obstacles are going to arise
and by having a map, a magical map, dare
I say, that could show you where all
these obstacles will come up in the
road. Well, I think we'd all want that.
And I can't promise you that. But what I
can do is tell you that we spent 200
plus hours actually analyzing all the
companies over portfolio and basically
breaking down the stages of growth into
10 stages by function. What does you
know advertising look like at five
person headcount versus 50% headcount?
What does customer success look like or
customer service look like when you're
at your million dollar a year versus $10
million a year? What does sales or sales
team look like when you're at a 100
employees versus five employees, right?
Or even one employee. What does it look
like? And so we broke down this entire
process. It's absolutely free. You just
put in your information. It'll tell you
what stage you're at, what you're most
likely to be struggling with, and what
you can do to get through
it. And if you want us to do this with
you in person, and actually be like,
"Okay, not only this is the problem, but
like these are the solutions that work
really, really well." On the thank you
page, book a call. Our team would love
to talk to you if it's a fit for you
guys to come out. We'd love to have you
out here in Vegas. We run these
workshops monthly and it's a lot of fun.
People really like it. And more
importantly, I think business owners get
a huge amount of value from it. So,
would love to meet you and back to the
video. If I asked the best chef in the
world, hey, can you make me an omelette?
What an omelette is, you know how to
make it, and I want you to make it for
me right now. That guy might not do it.
I'd be like, why didn't you make me an
omelet? He might be like, I don't have
any
eggs. What do you want me to do? I don't
have any eggs. And to the same degree,
in a real business setting, it might be
like, I don't have the RAM on my laptop
to be able to process this size file and
edit this thing on time. I have to get
this other thing or I have to move to
this other place, and that's going to
take me time. Like there's some things
that sometimes block people. Now the
reason this is so important and this is
the one I'll tell you right now. We go
through the other four first because as
soon as you mention this fifth one,
everyone blames this one. Why? Because
then it's not that people's egos are
protected when they say, "Oh, I've got
this other thing. I got this other work.
I got this the I don't have eggs. Uh I
don't have a Wi-Fi. I don't have blah
blah blah." Now, this is where this is
where the real leadership start comes
comes in because this is where we say
like, "Well, how hard would it have been
for you to go get
eggs? It's been 3 days. Like, how hard
was it to get
eggs?" Uh, well, uh, the Wi-Fi was slow.
Was there any way to get faster Wi-Fi?
This is where I start to make judgments
on someone's abil on someone's agency,
their ability to solve problems on their
own. Because the thing that we always
want to tease out long term is
this. Why? Because that's the big
motivation question. Because you'd
assume, why didn't someone do it?
Because they weren't motivated. Me
asking someone, hey, were you not
motivated to do this? No one's going to
say yes to that. I'm just being real.
Like, it's not going to happen, right?
And so, we ask these other questions.
The first four are what I would consider
very standard business practices. But
the here's the thing that's really
clever with this is that by asking the
first four, you basically give many
opportunities for it to not be attack on
the
person. When you have the circumstances
one, it also has realistic options where
it might not be the person's fault. You
might they might actually have too much
stuff on their plate. But this is where
the nuance comes in where you get to
judge are those circumstances really the
things that blocked you or are you
actually not trying. Now, with the,
"Hey, I just need an omelette by next
Monday on my desk." And the person gets
to you next Monday and says, "I didn't
have any
eggs." What are we talking about here? I
mean, you're technically correct. If you
have no eggs, you can't make an
omelette. But do you lack the other
skills of acquiring eggs? If you do,
then we ask the larger question is, I
know I could train you on how to get
eggs, but is it worth the hassle? Like,
I could train you on how to use a
computer, but is it worth the time? This
is why this is my fundamental belief
about training in general, which is that
everything is trainable. It's just not
everything's worth training. Some things
you expect to have someone have
batteries included. And that's why there
are requisites for jobs. That's why when
you go to school, you have to take
English 101 before you take English
2011. You get my point. The reason this
is such a powerful frame, if someone
comes back and says something like,
"Well, I didn't think that was my job."
Well, then they probably shouldn't do
anything else in your company either.
Because fundamentally, like what creates
motivation? Motivation is the opposite
of
deprivation. But somebody who motivates
other people is able to temporarily
increase the value of an
outcome. Fundamentally, that's what
motivation is. And if you think about
that, that's also what persuasion is.
That's also what sales is. And so
there's a lot of words that
fundamentally mean the same thing. If I
motivate you to buy, that's what a
salesman does. If I motivate you to
move, I motivate you to change your
behavior. I for a short period of time
change the relative value of an outcome,
which then changes your behavior. So if
I talk to you and talk about your weight
and you haven't done anything about
losing weight in a very long time, but
in a short period of time I changed the
relative value to you about what it
might be like to lose weight or said
differently the pain associated with
losing weight. You might have always
wanted to lose weight but didn't realize
it could be easier, right? Or you might
realize it's hard but I real I explain
even more value like hey I don't know if
you knew this but you'll live 10 years
longer statistically if you lose 50
pounds. Then all of a sudden you said
your daughter's about to get married.
Don't you want to see your kids? Right?
So my mother, side note, the only reason
she lost weight was because the doctor
told her that she wasn't going to see my
grandkids. And that was the thing, tried
to lose weight her whole life. 30 years
tried to lose weight, couldn't do it.
That was the line he was able to
motivate her because that was the one
thing for her. And so sometimes we have
to think to ourselves, okay, what other
things are we playing with that we can
change the relative value of either
decreasing the pain or decreasing the
stick or increasing the carrot
associated with getting the stick, but
it still helps us tease out what's
really going on. Fundamentally, we're
just finding out the things that drive
the person and trying to align them
doing the thing with them getting what
they want. Sometimes a salesperson will
get tired of selling because it's the
same conversation over and over again.
They will say they'll get bored. But
there's a huge amount of time between
the first time you get bored in sales
and when you're exceptional at sales.
explaining that in and of itself to a
salesperson is that your ability to
maintain focus is itself a skill that
needs to be developed in order for you
to become world class, which is what you
said you wanted. Sometimes just
reframing their current struggle as a
skill deficiency on their way to getting
what they ultimately want is one of the
most motivating things that you can do
to help someone do the thing that they
ultimately probably want to do too. They
just haven't been motivated to. We knock
out all of the peripheral things. They
didn't know, you know, that we wanted.
They didn't know what it was. They
didn't know how to do it. They didn't
know when we wanted to do it by. They
had something that blocked them, but not
really. And so, the main one is that we
can get to the motivation. But if some
people just fundamentally don't have
enough motivation around this thing,
sometimes they just don't need to work
for you. And that's okay. There's tons
of other companies that will that will
employ mediocre people. It just doesn't
have to be yours. If I can give you a
fun one, because some of you guys have
employed people that you know shouldn't
be working for you. It's your it's your
sister. It's your sister's husband.
that's your cousin and you think to
yourself, "But man, if I if I let them
go, no one's going to hire them." It's
like, "Yeah, no one would hire them."
And somehow you think it's a good idea
that you continue to employ them. That
feels max silly silly silly game, silly
tier, S tier, S tier, silly. You're
entering your silly arc, your silly era.
Now, let me give you a little bonus
reframe on this. If you're trying to
look at your business as a business
owner, right, from a strategic
perspective, there's a lot of things
that you could do, but we have to ask
ourselves, what are the things that are
the most important for us to do? By when
would it be the most meaningful? Now,
here's where it gets really interesting.
You more often than not are going to
have how issues. You're not going to
know how to do it. And
reframing the things that you know you
need to do as questions that you don't
know the answer to is so much more
valuable
than there's no one who can sell like
me. I don't know how to get someone to
sell like me. No one can market like I
can. I don't know how to find someone
who can market like I can. That's
solvable. No one can is a statement that
you can't do anything with. What I would
really really push back on as my kind of
like leaving thought that might be the
most powerful thing of this video, be
incredibly wary about the statements
that you make that you believe are facts
because those statements exist as truth
only in your mind. Basically, your
reality will be influenced by the laws
that you choose to create and live by.
If you want to bend your own reality,
you have to be able to change the laws
that exist in the
matrix. It's like every system is built
on rules. For some rules you can bend,
others you can break. Wouldn't you want
to build a business in a world that had
the fewest rules possible? And then
what's interesting to me is that the
amount of conversations that I have with
business owners who tell me rules that
limit their business like, "Oh, we can't
charge more than that."
Why? Because no one else does. That
sounds like a terrible
reason. We can't pay people that much.
Why?
because it's not industry standard.
Okay? Well, everybody in your industry
makes no money, so why would we do what
they're doing? The biggest gift that I
can give you is that the vast majority
of business owners are broke. Vast
majority. The average business owner
makes like $50,000 a year, right? I'm
not saying that's broke. I want to be
clear here. But for many people, the
aspirations of being a business owner
come with significantly higher goals
than that reality. And if that's true,
then the vast majority of business
owners are wildly underperforming their
aspirations.
And a big part of that is because they
model people like
them. Most business owners look around.
They see what everyone else is doing and
say, "Oh, I'll do that and I'll do it a
little bit better for a little bit
less." But then every other person does
that, too, until eventually you can't do
any more for any less. Many of these
businesses function as essentially
nonprofit organizations where the
person's barely above water selling a
largely commoditized service at a
commoditized price with no
differentiation in the marketplace
whatsoever. That's a game where if you
choose to play like everyone else, you
will lose. If everyone's doing
something, it's a great reason not to do
it. If anything, that like that alone
would be that would be a reason not to
do it. At least it's different. At least
you have an angle. You have something
that's different. Well, if everyone else
is paying this, maybe if I pay more,
I'll be able to suck up the top 10%. One
of the things that people don't talk
about in Henry Ford is Henry Ford paid
people better than his competitors so
that he could scoop up the entirety of
the talent at his plants. He's the one
who invented like the the manufacturing
line. It's like, yeah, he did. He also
paid people better than anyone else so
that he could get the top talent. People
thought of him as the guy who was just
automating humans out. It's like, no, he
just he actually ended up paying the
best people to work for him, but he did
something other people weren't. I would
walk through this star system so that
you can also think about your own
business in that same frame. Why aren't
you doing what you know you need to be
doing? Do you not know that it needs to
be done? Do you not know what it is? Do
you don't know how to do it? You don't
know when it would be meaningful that
it's do being done by or do you have
something that is blocking you? And do
you have something that's blocking you?
Is it more important than that thing?
And if the answer is no, then stop doing
it and do the thing instead. And if
you're struggling to be motivated, maybe
you need to look at yourself in the
mirror. And I don't know what you'd say
to yourself in the mirror, but like you
could look at yourself and then
eventually actually just do it because
the look at yourself in the mirror is
not going to change anything anyways,
but you know, maybe you look good. Maybe
that'll get you motivated. Use a star
system next time have a hard
conversation. Hey, real quick. Did you
not know that I wanted you to do it? Did
you not know what I wanted to do? Did
you not know how to do it? Did you not
to do it by Tuesday? Or was there
something blocking you? There was
something blocking you. Is it reasonable
that it blocked you for that long? No.
Okay, what's the issue? Or you know
what? You're right. That did block you.
do that first and then do this after.
So, I want to read you a real exchange I
had with an employee that wasn't
performing the way I wanted him to. I
said, "Hey, what are you doing today?"
And then he gave me his little rundown
and I said, "I asked because I haven't
felt like I've seen a lot of production
from you compared to what I think you're
capable of. So, I'm curious whether it's
not knowing what to do that I want you
to do it, how to do it, or that
something's preventing you, or if you're
not motivated to do the above.
And by framing it that way, um, it
completely shifts the whole vibe of the
conversation. And by adding the piece,
and I think this is really key in terms
of how it was framed, it's just like
compared to what I believe you're
capable of. So I'm basically weaving in
a compliment saying, I think you're
capable of more. I think your potential
is significantly higher. Rather than
saying, "Hey, you suck." I'm actually
saying, "Hey, I think you're awesome and
I think your performance, which is
separate from you as a human being, is
below what I believe you're capable of."
So, what do we think the gap is? Is that
you know that, how, what, when, or
you're not something's blocking you or
you're just not motivated. Help me, help
you. And from this perspective, both of
you are basically attacking the problem
on the same side of the table, trying to
figure out how to get the person to
their potential, which both of you are
aligned to have happen. And I'm telling
you, it's just like imagine if I started
that B and be like, "Hey man, you're
subpar right now. You're you're under
expectations." Like that sounds pretty
bad. Everyone's going to be defensive.
They're going to be thinking it's attack
on their character. When is couldn't be
further from the truth. And so having
little frameworks like this have just
like made life so much easier for
getting people back to where you want
them to be. With that, I'll see you in
the next vid.